How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

It shows what was changed which is the first filter for reviewing a file. If there
is a bug that was not previously there, it is because of a change we made. Seeing
exactly what was changed helps to focus in the changes and not in the entire file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

It facilitates to go back to working versions. Besides, it also allows you to keep
track on your progress through coding tasks.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

A con is that it requires discipline to commit frequently enough, and the criteria
of where to commit may be subjective. A pro is that it definetily avoids conflicts.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

In some cases, files are related and interconnected (i.e. coding). When files are
interconnected, it makes sense to keep track of them as a group. However, this is
not required for other applications, where it unnecessarily increases the storage
space.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

First, you get a big picture of all the commits with git log. It is a good idea
to use grep for navigating through the comments. The flags B and A of grep, allow
to specify the number of lines to show before and after the line that matches the
pattern. Once we have found a particular commit of our interest, git diff can 
show us the changes between two commits using the IDs as input parameters.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

Since version control allows me to go back to working versions, it makes me feel
confident of making possibly destructive changes. It may not be true for released
version or drivers.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

For all my coding projects.
